# First-Assignment
# What happens when you visit a web page?

**_Most people know that the Web is an amazing application, but they don’t realize the technical processes that go into the Web to give us easy access to information in such a short time. The Web is an application consisting of text, pictures, videos and music from around the world. In addition, the Web is built with “pages of text” or “web pages”. A web page has a designated layout and graphics to display the information needed; they also have hyperlinks that can send the user to another web page with the same components. Combining a bunch of web pages together can create a website. A web page is a document written in HTML (HyperText MarkUp Language). HTML was introduced by Berners-Lee as a way for computers to understand the files sent by HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol). When visiting a web page, there is an interaction between two computers using HTTP. They use HTTP to relay a series of messages to each other; one computer is called a client which is the one that runs the web browser, then it asks the web server for information. The browser requests things and the server will send them if the requested items are found. When a web page is sent, the browser sees the HTML, converting the code into what the tags were designed to display. It can display many things such as the style of fonts, headings, titles and images. With HTTP and HTML, our computers can understand and translate the code to produce application such as a web page._** 
